far mullen is the heroine who joined an
all-male army described in a famous
Chinese poem known as The Ballad of
Malaya the poem was first written the
musical records of old and new from the
6th century the century before the
founding of the Tang Dynasty the
original work no longer exists and the
original text of this poem comes from
another work known as the music Bureau
collection an ontology of lyrics songs
and poems found in the 12th century
in the story Milan disguised herself as
a man to take her elderly father's place
in the army she was later offered a
government post by the Emperor himself
after her service was up however
unwilling to commit she turned down the
position so she could return home
immediately when her former colleagues
visited her at home they were shocked to
see her dressed as a woman the poem ends
with the image of a female here mu lan
and a male hair her comrades running
side by side and the narrator asking how
anyone could tell them apart the time
setting of the story is uncertain the
earliest accounts of the legends state
that she lived during the Northern Wei
dynasty or 386
534 however another version reports that
Mulan was requested as a concubine by
Emperor yang su e china rain from 604 to
617 evidence from the extant poem
suggests the earlier interpretation the
story was expanded into a novel during
the late ming dynasty 1368-1644 over
time the story farmer land rose and
notoriety as a folktale among the
Chinese people on the same level as the
butterfly lovers in 1998 walt disney
released and animated movie entitled lay
very loosely based on the historical
chinese heroine how do i know this story
because i am also part of the chinese
history have a good day zaijian
you